typo fix (#583)
RustCrypto/hashes: sha1-checked/README.md

But, this crate provides the detection [algorithm] pioneered by git, to detect hash collisions when they
occur and prevent them. The [paper] has more details on how this works.

> This implementation will be slower to use than the pure SHA-1 implementation, as more work has to be done.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This implementation will be slower to use than the pure SHA-1 implementation, as it has to do more computations and
it can not rely on hardware acceleration available on some CPUs.
```
